One very important aspect of the use of Android Wear is notifications so that showing data to the user
when when a certain event happens and I'm going to show you how to create those in Android where right
now the prices are actually pretty similar to what we saw back in chapter 11 on Android notifications.
So cool this where notification Dema and usual settings
and as with Android notifications I'm just going to show you how to create the notification within your
app.
So here we go.
We're going to do everything in main activity Java
and we don't need any of that.
So let's get rid of it.
So just as before we start off by building our notification and we do that using notification
compact dot builder and this is going to be a notification build up and it is a new
builder using main activity as the context Ruperts whatever it is we want to set the various options
say we'll set the small icon
Android to talk drawable and we'll find something or the error will be fine.
So that's the icon for our notification.
We set the content title
on just be boring and call it notification title for now.
Then we set the content text
Rob.
How's it going.
Then we set the content intent and we need a pending intent.
If you don't remember me talking about pending intense then go back and look at local notifications
in Android.
I won't go through it all again but we will create our pending intent which starts with creating a normal
intent.
I'll stick with our usual eye and this is going to be what we want to happen when the notification is
tapped on
so in our case we're just going to go to it should be capitalized.
We're just going to go to main activity the main activity class.
So context again is main activity and we want a jump in the main activity class but it might be that
you've got some other activities and you want to jump to one of those.
And then you change that back.
And then we create our pending intent.
Pending intent.
And we use pending attent don't get activity.
Context is this.
And then we put in a request code if we want one.
I will just put zero but you might want to have another number that you can then get later if you want
to refer to this particular pending content.
Then we put our intent.
And then some flags if we want any special options here we don't we just put zero in.
So that's our pending intent.
So at that there and then you can go in and add some more options if you want but those are that kind
of minimal options set that you'll need
then we create our notification manager which has a type of notification manager compact
and notification notification marriage makes a bit more sense.
And this is going to be
created from the current context.
And finally we take out a notification manager
and we notify
and then once again we've got a I.D. which I'm going to match up with that number there so.
And then we got to build the notification that we created up here and that's it.
So let's run the app and we should say that this notification is created on the watch as soon as the
app is run
and then we get the app has run now.
So if we tap the power button then we can see the notification.
There it is.
So you can swipe right.
I think it is to dismiss it or left to accept it.
And then we want to open the app so that will actually go again and then it will run the notification
again.
We'll go round and round like that but that's it.
Simple as that to create notifications on Android where you could even combine that with the transfer
of data between phone and watch as we saw last time to create a notification on the watch from the phone
listening to a data change and then running this.
When that happens
OK we're almost done now an hour to have.
The last thing we're going to look at in the next video is something that's a lot of fun and that's
creating our own custom watch faces.